0.wav
Please, Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. It always ends like this. There's still... some alive? Tupi...

1.wav
Please, Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. It always ends like this. There's still... some alive? Tupi...

2.wav
Please, Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. It always ends like this. There's still... some alive? Goddamn machines! Is this... a message? The data transmissions... they're resonating with each other. Wait a second, Tupi! What? Madness... I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. What is it that separates machines from androids like us? The machines have gained emotions, consciousness. The final screams they summoned on the edge of death. They still echo within me.

3.wav
Please, Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. Tupi, I want you to do this for me. It always ends like this. There's still... some alive? Goddamn machines! Is this... a message? The data transmissions... they're resonating with each other. Wait a second, Tupi! Who are...? It looks like I left my personal data in the machine side of things. Next thing I knew, my sense of self was regenerated over the surrounding network. Having multiple cells fused together like this is a pretty valuable experience, so I wanted to record it. But I couldn't access any storage areas yet, so I just multiplexed it over the memories of some nearby enemies so that when I returned to my own body I- Mayans... I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. And so, the final battle with Adam and Eve came to an end. This battle will likely have a great effect on the outcome of the war. Tupi and I... our battle will continue for some time to come. But that's another story... for another day.

4.wav
God damned machines! Is this a message? The data transmissions, they're resonating with each other. Both of us are in the centre. Valerie infection are present, so it cannot be avoided. Wait a second Toopy... Who are..? It looks like I left my personal data in the machine side of things. Next thing I knew, my sense of self was regenerated over the surrounding network. Having multiple cells fused together like this is a pretty valuable experience, so I wanted to record it. But I couldn't access any storage areas yet, so I just multiplexed it over the memories of some nearby enemies so that when I returned to my own body I- Magnus... I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. ... What is it that separates machines from androids like us? The machines have gained emotions, consciousness. The final screams they summoned on the edge of death. They still echo within me.

5.wav
God damned machines! Is this a message? The data transmissions, they're resonating with each other. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Wait a second, Toopy! Who are... It looks like I left my personal data in the machine side of things. Next thing I knew, my sense of self was regenerated over the surrounding network. Having multiple cells fused together like this is a pretty valuable experience, so I wanted to record it. But I couldn't access any storage areas yet, so I just multiplexed it over the memories of some nearby enemies so that when I returned to my own body I... Magnus... I'm glad you're okay. Yeah. And so, the final battle with Adam and Eve came to an end. This battle will likely have a great effect on the outcome of the war. Tooby and I, our battle will continue for some time to come. But that's another story for another day.

6.wav
Remember your pain, the pain of having your homeland stolen. We will never give up our struggle. We will take back the seas, the skies, the land. We will take back our world from the scourge of the machines. We will not fail in this mission. Here and now, we will put an end to this goddamn war. Glory to mankind. Glory to mankind.
